MGC SCRIPT FORMAT BASICS

This is an overview of the main features and usage of the MGC script language.
To see most of these in practice, feel free to examine the scripts in the
'example' folder.

STANDARD OPERATIONS
-------------------

0123456789ABCDEF
	All standalone hex is written to Melee memory as-is. Whitespace is ignored,
	so formats like "0D 15 3A 5E" and "c2380580 00000006" are fine too. It is
	also not case-sensitive.
%10010110
	Lines beginning with '%' denote binary instead of hex.
+macro_name 10
	Runs a macro that was defined using !macro (see Special Commands). Optional
	count argument specifies how many times to run the macro, eg. 10 (ten) or
	0x10 (sixteen) times.
[alias_name]
	Gets replaced by the data specified using !define (see Special Commands).
# Comment
	Anything after '#' on a line is a comment and ignored by the compiler.
/* ... */
	Multi-line comment. Anything between the comment tags is ignored by the
	compiler.


SPECIAL COMMANDS
----------------
Commands give the compiler special information or allow you to load data in
unique ways.

!loc 8045f000
	Denotes where to inject any following data in Melee memory, until the next
	location is specified.
!gci 4f50
	Advanced usage only - lets you specify a GCI offset location rather than a
	Melee memory location to inject data to. You'll almost always want to use
	!loc to specify where in Melee memory you want the data to go, rather than
	worry about where it goes in the GCI.
!add 1a0
	Adds a relative amount to the loc pointer.
!src "path/to/source"
	Adds the given MGC script file to the build script at that location.
!asmsrc "path/to/source"
	Compiles and adds the ASM source file to the current location.
!file "path/to/file"
	Adds the entire binary file directly to Melee memory.
!geckocodelist "path/to/codelist"
	Compiles the Gecko codelist text file, then adds the resulting binary to
	Melee memory. Gecko codelists have their own format that is not covered
	here. This command is for convenience purposes only for those using Gecko
	codelist files, but adding your Gecko codes directly into the build script
	will work equally well, because they're just hex anyway. If not using
	!geckocodelist, make sure your Gecko codeset begins with "00d0c0de 00d0c0de"
	and ends with "f0000000 00000000".
!string "This is a text string"
	Adds a raw ASCII text string to Melee memory.
!asm ... !asmend
	Compiles the PPC ASM and adds the resulting binary to Melee memory.
!c2 80380580 ... !c2end
	Compiles the PPC ASM and wraps it in a Gecko C2 code, then adds the
	resulting binary to Melee memory.
!begin
	Optionally denotes where in the current file the build script begins.
	Anything before this line is ignored by the compiler. If not specified, the
	build script begins on the first line of the file.
!end
	Optionally denotes where in the current file the build script ends. Anything
	after this line is ignored by the compiler. If not specified, the build
	script ends on the last line of the file.
!echo "message"
	Prints a message to the console during compilation.
!macro macro_name ... !macroend
	Defines a macro of script lines that can be applied anywhere.
!define alias_name ...
	Defines an alias. Lets you use [alias_name] in your script and it will be
	replaced with the contents of the alias before the script line is even
	processed. For example, "!define codeset_loc 80465000" will later let you
	write "!loc [codeset_loc]" and it will be parsed as "!loc 80465000".
